The recording has been restarted.
>> Okay. Um we are exiting um uh executive
session at 9:30. Uh I'm I'm going to um
speak to attorney Gail and Tess. Um
before I make motion to schedule um the
time for the hearing, I just want to um
we're we're looking at September 2nd at
3 p.m. in the community room. And before
I make the motion, does any do you
attorney Gail or Tess, do you have
problem with that date?
>> Either one of you. No. Okay, then. Um,
excuse me, Jeff.
>> Yeah. Hi, Tess.
>> Hi. Did you have a time on that date,
please?
>> 3 3:00.
>> 3:00. And the date again? September.
>> September 2nd.
>> Thank you.
That That is the Tuesday after Labor
Day,
>> correct? Yes, sir.
>> Not a problem. Thank you.
>> Not a problem. Okay. and and and
attorney Gail, I'm going to the way I'm
going to word the motion is that council
uh even our uh labor attorney who we
anticipate having uh present. I just
need to make sure that that's uh okay
with him. But if there are any
conflicts, we'll schedule it as soon as
uh both councils are available. All
right. So, uh, I'm going to make a
motion that we schedule, uh, the
employment hearing for test GR for, uh,
September 2nd, Tuesday, September 2nd, 3
p.m. to be held in the community room of
the town hall.
>> Second that.
>> Scott Persona seconded. Um, further
discussion? No. Um, we're going to vote.
Uh, an creme
I. Carol Lee.
>> Hi,
>> Scott Person.
>> Jeff Murray,
>> hi.
>> Jeff Magcguire. I That was 5 nothing. We
will have that meeting, that uh appeal
hearing on the 2nd of September, 3M
community room. Uh and we will uh if
there are any conflicts, we will get it
scheduled as soon as we possibly can
after that.
All right. Is there any other issues
related to uh this meeting that any of
the board members need to deal with?
>> All right, I'll make a motion to
adjurnn.
>> Second.
>> Second. All those in favor?
>> I
>> I All right. Thank you very much
everybody for attending. I appreciate
it. Okay. Good night. Yeah. Good night.